Docs - Organize wiki , edit text and add meta tags (#365)
iotaledger/integration-services: documentation/docs/examples/create-channel.md

---
image: /img/integration-services/logo/integration_services.png
description: The example-5 script authenticates an Integration Service client to manage Identities using the Admin identity created in example-0 and then creates a channel, writes data on the channel, reads data from the channel.
keywords:
- create channel
- read channel
- write channel
- example
---
# Create Channel

The [example-5](https://github.com/iotaledger/integration-services/blob/develop/clients/node/examples/5-CreateChannel.ts)
script authenticates an Integration Service client to manage Identities using the Admin identity created in [example-0](how-to-run-examples) and then performs the following tasks:

> 1. Create a channel.
> 2. Write data on the channel.
> 3. Read data from the channel

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Creates a channel.
2. Writes data on the channel.
3. Reads data from the channel
```

Reviewer: Maybe🤷
